Introduction 
Looking back at the way we learned at school, and how it is led to losing or forget the information, or the way we lost a specific skill, that we regret right now, we decided to do something about it, and what is better than using AI to teach AI. This project is about creating an interactive teacher and an assistant for continues learning and information retrieval in an informative and interactive way. 
This project aims to create a reliable and fast-to-reach reference library for general AI queries, best practice across the AI field, and to guide seekers throughout the steps of frequently used ML & DL and famous neuron architectures, when to use DL, ML, transfer learning, etc. 
We wanted to offer intelligent, secure, and scalable chatbot which is integrated with different chat platform, web-based or application with intuitive human interface, to create a meaningful tool and give insights to whom engaged with the chatbot.
This project will be completed on several phases, depending on crowd feedback and funding. The first phase was completed during Kaizen-Bootup AI course, the production model with multiple integrations is to showcase the capabilities of this solution.
A chatbot is just a visual courier of inputs and outputs in the form of a conversational message. The inputs are the users’ responses to the chatbot, and the outputs are the chatbot’s messages to the users. A chatbot is merely a visual user interface (UI) used to present these inputs and outputs in a user-friendly manner.
Phase 1 final outlook will be in 3 variances; integration to Telegram “famous & secure chat application,” web integration with server hosted on-premise, and hominoid assistant using Raspberry Pi. The base code will support both text and voice inputs in English.
To build a powerful AI we focused on the Data Not the Chatbot, the database was prepared as a set question and answers about AI, full of unique words and jargons, to ensure detection of the question by the AI even if the word was misspelled. We used the Chatterbot engine. It is a machine-learning based conversational dialog engine build in Python which makes it possible to generate responses based on collections of known conversations
The program selects the closest matching response by searching for the closest matching known statement that matches the input, it then returns the most likely response to that statement based on how frequently each response is issued by the people the bot communicates with. 
